MASTER

SERVICES AGREEMENT

This Master Services Agreement (“MSA”) is made by and between the “Customer” executing at
least one statement of work (each a “Statement of Work”) and CloudSAFE Group LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company (“CloudSAFE”). All Statements of Work together with this MSA, and the
Supporting Documents, as applicable, shall collectively constitute the “Agreement” between Customer
and CloudSAFE. Each of the Supporting Documents is expressly incorporated herein and made part of
the Agreement by reference and may be amended or updated from time to time by CloudSAFE. Each

Customer and CloudSAFE may be referred to herein individually as a “Party” and together as the
“Parties.”
NOW, THEREFORE, for good and adequate consideration, the receipt of which is hereby
acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the Parties hereto agree as follows:
1.
DEFINED
Agreement.

2.

TERMS.

The defined terms in Schedule A hereto shall be applicable to the

SERVICES.

2.1
Use of Services. Subject to and in accordance with the terms of this Agreement,
CloudSAFE grants Customer a non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-transferable, non-assignable,
revocable license for the term of the applicable Statement of Work to access and use the Services.
Services may only be used by Customer for internal business purposes. Customer agrees to comply with
the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and with all applicable CloudSAFE procedures and policies
that further define use of the Services. Customer acknowledges and agrees that the actions of any of the
Users with respect to the Services will be deemed to be actions by the Customer and that any breach by
any of the Users of the terms of the Agreement shall be deemed to be a breach by Customer.

2.2

Provision of Services. Individuals using CloudSAFE Services without authority, or in

excess of their authority, are subject to having their access or credentials revoked. CloudSAFE reserves
the right to amend its Service offerings and to add, delete, suspend or modify the terms and conditions of
the Services, at any time, and from time to time, without notice or liability to Customer.
23
Processing. Customer agrees that transfer rate, bandwidth, and disk space usage will not
exceed the quantity per month forthe Services ordered and paid forby Customer and as specified in the
applicable Statement of Work. The transfer rate and disk space usage will be monitored and measured by
CloudSAFE. Any excessive usage may result in the assessment of additional charges to Customer. No
such corrective action will entitle Customer to a refund of amounts previously paid or will relieve
Customer of its obligations to pay for the balance of the then-current term of the applicable Statement of
Work. Notwithstanding the foregoing, CloudSAFE reserves the right to take all actions it deems
necessary or appropriate (including, without limitation, suspension, disconnection or discontinuation of
the Services) in the event of a sudden or unexpected increase in Customer’s usage which CloudSAFE

reasonably determines poses or may pose a threat to the Servers, CloudSAFE Hardware and/or Services
provided by CloudSAFE to Customer or third parties.
24
Hosting Facilities. In the event that a Statement of Work sets forth a Hosting Facility,
location or provider where CloudSAFE Services are provided, Customer authorizes CloudSAFE to either
temporarily or permanently change the Hosting Facility, location or provider as it deems in its sole
discretion, so long as such new Hosting Facility, location or provider is in the same country as the
original Hosting Facility, location or provider. Customer may request a walkthrough of the Hosting

Facility upon reasonable advanced notice to CloudSAFE; all walkthroughs shall occur during normal
business hours of the Hosting Facility and shall be subject to the terms, conditions and limitations set
forth by the Hosting Facility.

3.

CLOUDSAFE

HARDWARE.

3.1
Applicability of Section. The terms of this Section 3 shall only be applicable to
Customers that receive CloudSAFE Hardware. “CloudSAFE Hardware” means any and all equipment,
devices, tools, apparatus, machinery and electronics that are owned by CloudSAFE and provided to
customer in connection with the Services. For avoidance of doubt, CloudSAFE Hardware shall not
include hardware that is the property of Customer.
3.2
Title and Risk of Loss. On the terms and subject to the conditions of the Agreement,
CloudSAFE agrees to make available to Customer, and Customer agrees to obtain from CloudSAFE, the
CloudSAFE Hardware during the Term on a limited, as-a-service basis. Title to the CloudSAFE
Hardware remains with CloudSAFE throughout the Term, and Customer acquires no right, title, or
interest in the CloudSAFE Hardware, except the limited rights expressly provided herein. Risk of Loss
passes to Customer upon delivery of the CloudSAFE Hardware to CloudSAFE’s carrier, and Customer

shall bear all Risk of Loss until the CloudSAFE Hardware is returned to CloudSAFE in accordance with
the Agreement. Customer shall immediately notify CloudSAFE in writing of any such loss or damage.
33
CloudSAFE Hardware Upgrades. CloudSAFE may release new CloudSAFE Hardware
during the Term. If Customer is renting any CloudSAFE Hardware under the Agreement and desires to
obtain new CloudSAFE Hardware, CloudSAFE will provide Customer the terms under which Customer
may obtain such new CloudSAFE Hardware—which may include, without limitation, a one-time upgrade
fee, renegotiating the annual price, and/or extending the Term. The Parties must enter into an executed
amendment specifying such terms prior to CloudSAFE providing Customer the new CloudSAFE
Hardware.
3.4
CloudSAFE Hardware Obligations and Restrictions. Customer will (1) protect the
CloudSAFE Hardware with the same degree of care that Customer protects its own assets of a similar
nature and value but, in any event, with reasonable care, (2) properly, safely, and securely handle and

store the CloudSAFE Hardware and prevent the deterioration or damage of the CloudSAFE Hardware
(ordinary wear and tear excepted), (3) except in connection with the Services, not commingle the
CloudSAFE Hardware with the property of Customer or with that of any person or entity, (4) use the
CloudSAFE Hardware only for the purpose set forth in the Agreement, (5) follow CloudSAFE's
instructions regarding the storage, use, and maintenance of the CloudSAFE Hardware, including any
instructions set forth in the Statement of Work or documentation made available by CloudSAFE
relating
to the CloudSAFE Hardware, (6) not attach any CloudSAFE Hardware as a fixture to any real estate; (7)
not pledge, sell (or purport to sell), sub-lease, or otherwise part with possession of any CloudSAFE

Hardware, or file or permit to be filed any lien or security interest against any CloudSAFE Hardware; (8)
except with CloudSAFE’s express written consent, alter, tamper with, or attempt to repair any
CloudSAFE Hardware; (9) not remove any proprietary notices or labels, or any warning or other
informational labels from any CloudSAFE Hardware; (10) not reverse engineer, disassemble, or
otherwise attempt to discover the underlying structure, ideas, know-how, algorithms, or other technology
relevant to any CloudSAFE Hardware; (11) not circumvent any security features of any CloudSAFE

Hardware; and (12) not access or use any CloudSAFE Hardware to develop a competing product or
service.
3.5

CloudSAFE

Hardware

Return.

A.
Options. At least sixty (60) days priorto the expiration of the Term, Customer will notify
CloudSAFE (or if Customer terminates a Statement of Work, Customer will notify CloudSAFE together
with Customer’s termination notification) whether Customer will—unless otherwise agreed by the

Parties—either (i) return the applicable CloudSAFE Hardware to CloudSAFE, or (ii) continue to use the
applicable CloudSAFE Hardware in connection with a Renewal Term. If CloudSAFE terminates the
Agreement or a Statement of Work, or if Customer fails to timely notify CloudSAFE of its election,
2

CloudSAFE will, at its option, either (a) instruct Customer to retum the applicable CloudSAFE Hardware
to CloudSAFE, or (b) invoice Customer the applicable fair market value (as determined by CloudSAFE)
of the CloudSAFE Hardware.
B.
Returning CloudSAFE Hardware. If Customer elects to, or is instructed to, return
CloudSAFE Hardware pursuant to the foregoing Section 3.5(A), then (a) prior to expiration of the Term,
if Customer elects to return CloudSAFE Hardware, or (B) within thirty (30) days following Customer
receiving CloudSAFE’s instruction to return CloudSAFE Hardware, Customer shall at its risk and
expense return the CloudSAFE Hardware in the same condition as when originally delivered to Customer
(ordinary wear and tear excepted), free and clear of all liens and rights of third parties. Customer shall
package all CloudSAFE Hardware in its original packaging or equivalently safe packaging and follow all
return instructions provided by CloudSAFE.
C.
Failure to Return. If Customer does not return CloudSAFE Hardware in accordance
with this Section in a timely manner, Customer shall continue to comply with all the terms and conditions
of the Agreement, and shall pay the prorated daily amount of the Fees and any CloudSAFE Hardware
rental cost provided in the Statement of Work for each day from the expiration of the Term until the date
CloudSAFE receives the CloudSAFE Hardware or Customer pays for the CloudSAFE Hardware to
CloudSAFE as required under this Section. Customer’s payment of any amounts under this Section will
not constitute CloudSAFE's waiver of Customer’s failure to perform any obligation under the Agreement.
4.

SOFTWARE.

4.1
CloudSAFE Software. On the terms and subject to the conditions of the Agreement,
CloudSAFE grants to Customer a limited, non-exclusive, nontransferable, non-sublicensable license to
use and run software, firmware, applications, code and other computer programs, whether installed
locally on Customer’s hardware, CloudSAFE Hardware (or any of its components) or provided as
software asa service (except to the extent containing Software Open Source Components, “CloudSAFE
Software’) in machine-readable object code form only, on such hardware, in each case, solely in

connection with Customer’s use of the Services pursuant to the Statement of Work, during the Term. If
CloudSAFE, in its sole discretion, installs or otherwise provides updates, enhancements, upgrades or new
releases of CloudSAFE Software, those modifications will also be deemed CloudSAFE Software licensed
to Customer hereunder and will be subject to all terms and conditions hereof. Except for the license
provided for in this Section, all otherrights in and to the CloudSAFE Software are expressly reserved by

CloudSAFE.
42
Restrictions. Except as may be expressly permitted in the Agreement, Customer will not,
and will not authorize third parties to: (1) license, sub-license, sell, transfer, distribute, share, rent, lease,
or otherwise permit third parties to access or use the CloudSAFE Software without CloudSAFE’s prior
consent; (2) use the CloudSAFE Software to provide services to third parties (e.g., as a service bureau);
(3) circumvent or disable any security or other technological features or measures of the CloudSAFE
Software; (4) reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise attempt to discover the source code,
object code, or underlying structure, ideas, know-how, or algorithms relevant to the CloudSAFE

Software; (5) modify, translate, or create derivative works based on the CloudSAFE Software; (6) remove
any proprietary notices or labels from the CloudSAFE Software; (7) use the CloudSAFE Software in a
manner that violates or attempts to circumvent Applicable Law; (8) use the CloudSAFE Software to
distribute any viruses or other malicious code, or to transmit large amounts of data in a way that would be
expected to have a detrimental effect on the CloudSAFE Software or Services; (9) use the CloudSAFE
Software to develop a competing product or service; or (10) access or use the CloudSAFE Software in the

treatment or management of any malicious code or virus.
43
Third Party Software. In the event that Customer obtains any third party software
(“Third Party Software”, together with CloudSAFE Software, the "Software”) via CloudSAFE, all such

3

Third Party Software is provided to Customer “AS IS” and are governed by the third party’s own
agreements (“TPS Agreement”), including end-user license agreements, terms of service, acceptable use
and privacy policies as set forth by that third party. CloudSAFE does not endorse and is not responsible or
liable for, directly or indirectly, and makes no representations or warranties and provides no
indemnification for the services or features provided by any Third Party Software that Customer may
choose to install, notwithstanding any language to the contrary in the Agreement or any Statements of
Work. CloudSAFE is not liable for Customer’s reliance on the privacy practices, data security processes

or other policies of such Third Party Software.
5.

PROFESSIONAL
5.1

SERVICES.

Applicability of Section. The terms of this Section 5 shall only be applicable to

Customers that receive Professional Services from CloudSAFE

in connection with the Services.

5.2
Cooperation. Customer will (1) cooperate with CloudSAFE in all matters relating to the
Professional Services, including by providing access to Customer’s systems or premises as necessary; (2)
ensure Customer local administrative personnel will be on-hand to assist with the documentation of the
existing environment; (3) provide CloudSAFE with connectivity to facility and systems to be included in
the project including internet access and telephone services; (4) respond promptly to any CloudSAFE
request to provide direction, information, approvals, authorizations, or decisions that are reasonably
necessary for CloudSAFE to perform its obligations: (5) ensure its employees, agents, and contractors do
not encourage, allow, or engage in any discriminatory, harassing, threatening, violent, or otherwise
offensive, tortious, or criminal behavior towards or against CloudSAFE’s employees, agents, or
contractors; and (6) otherwise take such actions or provide such information or materials as CloudSAFE
deems reasonably required to provide the Professional Services. If CloudSAFE’s performance under this
Agreement is prevented or delayed by any failure of Customer to comply with its obligations under this
Section, or by any other act or omission of Customer or its agents, subcontractors, consultants, or
employees, CloudSAFE shall not be deemed in breach of the Agreement or otherwise liable to Customer
for any costs, charges, liabilities, or losses sustained or incurred by Customer, in each case, to the extent
arising from such prevention or delay.
6.
SUPPORT SERVICES. CloudSAFE may, as part of the Services specified in a Statement of
Work, provide to Customer, directly or indirectly through one or more of its Affiliates, support services
with respect to the Services being provided hereunder. All such support is provided on an “AS IS”, where
is basis, and neither CloudSAFE norits Affiliates make any warranties with respect to such support. Any

technical information Customer provides to CloudSAFE or its Affiliates in connection with support
services may be used by such parties for product support and development; provided, however, that such
parties will not use such technical information in a form that personally identifies Customer unless
required to provide support hereunder.
7.

UNSUPPORTED

SYSTEMS.

7.1
Applicability of Section. The terms of this Section 7 shall only be applicable to
Customers that receive Services related to, for or with respect to an Unsupported System. “Unsupported
System” means any and all software, equipment, and configurations that are owned by the Customer that
are: (a) no longer being sold directly by the manufacturer on the marketplace, (b) no longer maintained or
supported by the manufacturer of the system, or (c) which have reached the end of their productive life.
7.2

Reasonable Efforts. On the terms and subject to the conditions of the Agreement,

Customer grants CloudSAFE broad discretion to create patches, bridges, and any other temporary or nonstandard work arounds for the purpose of extracting data from the Unsupported System or making the
Unsupported System work for a limited duration.

CloudSAFE shall use reasonable efforts in providing

Services for Unsupported Systems, but disclaims any and all liability, warranties or outcomes with
respect to Unsupported Systems.
73
Risk of Loss for Unsupported Systems. Customer agrees that it bears all risk of loss
with respect to Unsupported Systems. To the extent that any provision of this Section 7 conflicts with
any other terms of the Agreement, this Section will supersede such other terms(s) with respect to any
Unsupported System.
8.
OUT OF SCOPE SERVICES. In the event that CloudSAFE provides Customer with services
that are outside of the scope of the Services as set forth in a Statement of Work, the Customer shall be

charged CloudSAFE’s standard hourly rates for such out of scope services.
9.
CHANGES TO STATEMENT OF WORK. CloudSAFE reserves the right, in its sole
discretion, to make any changes to the Services, CloudSAFE Hardware, and CloudSAFE Software that it
deems necessary or useful to: (a) maintain or enhance: (i) the quality or delivery of CloudSAFE's services
to its customers; (11) the competitive strength of or market for CloudSAFE's Services; or (iii) the cost
efficiency or performance of the Services, CloudSAFE Hardware and/or CloudSAFE Software; or (b) to
comply with Applicable Law. Without limiting the foregoing, either Party may, at any time, request in
writing changes to the Services. The Parties shall evaluate and, if agreed, implement all such requested
changes in accordance with a new or amended Statement of Work. No requested changes will be effective
unless and until memorialized in a written new or amended Statement of Work signed by both Parties.
CloudSAFE reserves the right to substitute, change, upgrade, or modify the CloudSAFE Hardware or

CloudSAFE Software at any time, in its sole discretion. CloudSAFE will not be responsible for any
changes in such CloudSAFE Hardware or CloudSAFE Software that cause any of Customer’s hardware
or software to become obsolete, require modification or alteration, or otherwise affect Customer’s access
to or use of the CloudSAFE Hardware, CloudSAFE Software or Services.
10.

INTELLECTUAL

PROPERTY.

10.1.
IP Ownership. Unless otherwise specifically stated in the applicable Statement of Work,
as between the Parties, CloudSAFE owns all Intellectual Property in the Services and any CloudSAFE
Software (excluding Customer IP); and each Party otherwise owns Intellectual Property it creates,
authors, or invents.
10.2

CloudSAFE IP License. During the Term of the applicable Statement of Work, if

Customer’s use of the Services requires Customer to use CloudSAFE IP, CloudSAFE grants to Customer
a limited, worldwide, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non- transferable, royalty-free right and license
(for Customer’s and permitted User’s internal use) to CloudSAFE IP in the Services, as necessary to use
the Services in compliance with the Agreement.
10.3
Customer IP License. If CloudSAFE’s provision of the Services requires CloudSAFE to
use Customer IP, Customer must provide access to the Customer IP and grants to CloudSAFE a limited,
worldwide, non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free right and license (with right of sublicense where
required to perform the Services, but otherwise without the right to sublicense) to Customer IP solely for
the purpose of providing the Services.
10.4
Customer Data. Customer owns the Customer Data, including all Intellectual Property
Rights therein. No ownership rights in the Customer Data are transferred to CloudSAFE by this
Agreement. CloudSAFE does not have any right to the Customer Data except for the limited ex press
rights granted in this Agreement.
10.5
Sensitive Data. Except as set forth in a Statement of Work for Sensitive Data Services,
Customer shall not provide CloudSAFE with access to or use the Services to process, transmit or store

5

any Sensitive Data of its end user clients or customers, including, without limitation, any Protected Health
Information. CloudSAFE shall bear no liability or responsibility for any Sensitive Data processed,
transmitted or stored by Customers without a Statement of Work for Sensitive Data Services.
10.6
Right to Modify IP. CloudSAFE may modify the Services in response to any claim of
third party Intellectual Property infringement, and if CloudSAFE determines that it is not reasonably or
commercially practicable to modify or obtain the right to use the allegedly infringing element,

CloudSAFE may terminate the Services upon on ninety (90) days’ notice without liability except to
refund amounts paid for unused Services (prorated as to portions of the Services terminated).
11.
PROPRIETARY RIGHTS. CloudSAFE Hardware, Software and all related documentation will
be and remain the exclusive property of CloudSAFE or its Affiliates. Customer will not, and will not
permit any third party gaining access to CloudSAFE Hardware, Software or Services through it, take any
action inconsistent with CloudSAFE’s or applicable third-party licensors title thereto. The Software is

protected under the copyright laws of the United States and equivalent international laws and treaties.
Customer may not modify or copy, or allow anyone else to modify or copy, all or any part of the
Software. Customer will not, and will not permit any third party gaining access to Software or Services
through it to, remove, alter, cover or obscure any confidentiality, copyright, government-restricted rights
or other proprietary notices or legends included on or in Software or Services as provided to Customer, or
to unlock, reverse engineer, disassemble or de-compile all or any part of the Software or Services, or
attempt to do so.
12.

CONFIDENTIALITY.

12.1
Confidential Information. “Confidential Information” means information that either
Party (“Discloser’’) discloses to the other Party (“Recipient”) under this Agreement, and that is marked as
confidential or would normally be considered confidential information under the circumstances.
“Confidential Information” does not include information that Recipient can document: (1) is

independently developed by Recipient; (2) is rightfully given to Recipient by a third party without
confidentiality obligations; or (3) becomes public through no fault of Recipient. CloudSAFE’s
Confidential Information includes non-public information regarding features, functionality, and
performance of the Services.
12.2
Handling of Confidential Information. Each Party as Recipient will take reasonable
precautions to protect Discloser’s Confidential Information and will not use (except as expressly
permitted in this Agreement) or divulge to any third party any Confidential Information except to those
employees and representatives of Recipient who have a need to know the Confidential Information to
enable Recipient to perform its obligations under this Agreement. Recipient is responsible and liable for
its employees’ and representatives’ compliance with this Section 12, as if their actions or inactions were
an action or inaction of Recipient. The foregoing will not apply with respect to any Confidential
Information five years after the disclosure thereof (or, with respect to trade secrets, for so long as such
Confidential Information constitutes a trade secret under Applicable Law), or any Confidential
Information that is required to be disclosed by Applicable Law.
12.3
Disclosure of Confidential Information. CloudSAFE may disclose Confidential
Information of Customer where: (i) if in the opinion of counsel, the disclosure is required by Applicable
Law (including securities laws regarding public disclosure of business information) or by a subpoena, an
order of a court or other governmental body, after taking steps to maintain its confidentiality where
practicable; or (ii) reasonably necessary to be made to Customer’s, or its Affiliates’, employees, officers,
directors, attorneys, accountants, internal and external auditors, or other advisors, or (iii) necessary for

CloudSAFE to exercise its rights and perform its obligations under the Agreement. In any case,
CloudSAFE shall ensure that disclosure shall not be broader than necessary, and that the recipient agrees

prior to receipt to keep the information confidential to the same extent as under the Agreement (except
that such agreement need not be obtained for disclosures to a court, regulator or arbitrator).
13.

CUSTOMER

OBLIGATIONS.

Customer shall:

13.1
Designate one of its employees to serve as its primary contact with respect to this
Agreement and to act as its authorized representative with respect to matters pertaining to this Agreement
(the "Customer Contract Manager"), with such designation to remain in force unless and until a
successor Customer Contract Manager is appointed.
13.2
Require that the Customer Contract Manager respond promptly to any reasonable
requests from CloudSAFE for instructions, information, or approvals required by CloudSAFE to provide
the Services.
13.3.
Cooperate with CloudSAFE in its performance of the Services and provide access to
Customer's premises, employees, contractors, and equipment as required to enable CloudSAFE to provide
the Services.
13.4
Take all steps necessary, including obtaining any required licenses or consents, to prevent
Customer-caused delays in CloudSAFE's provision of the Services.
13.5
Comply, and cause all third parties gaining access to the Content, CloudSAFE Hardware,
Software or Services through it to comply, with all present and future federal, state and local laws, rules,
regulations and orders, including without limitation all present and future laws and regulations relating to
protection of intellectual property and privacy.
14.

TERM

AND

TERMINATION.

14.1.
Term. For all Services, the term of the Agreement shall be set forth in the Statement of
Work or at a minimum be for one (1) year (the “Initial Term”). The Agreement will be automatically
renewed at the end of the Initial Term for subsequent one (1) year terms (each a “Renewal Term” and
together with the Initial Term the “Term’’), unless either Party provides at least sixty (60) days prior
written notice to the other Party of non-renewal of the Agreement. Statements of Work for Recurring
Services, as indicated on such Statement of Work, shall be subject to the automatic renewal for additional
one (1) year terms unless: (i) otherwise stated in such Statement of Work; (11) the Agreement is
terminated pursuant to this Section 14; or (iii) either Party provides at least sixty (60) days prior written
notice to the other Party of non-renewal of such Statement of Work. For Customers that require any type
of installation or build out priorto the Service Start Date, the Initial Term shall commence on the Service

Start Date (concurrently with the commencement of the monthly billing for Fees) and continue for the
number of months indicated as the Initial Term.
14.2.
Termination for Cause. Either Party may terminate the Agreement, effective upon
written notice to the other Party (the "Defaulting Party"), if the Defaulting Party (a) materially breaches
the Agreement, and such breach is incapable of cure, or with respect to a material breach capable of cure,
the Defaulting Party does not cure such breach within thirty (30) days after receipt of written notice of
such breach; (b) becomes insolvent or admits its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due;
(c) becomes subject, voluntarily or involuntarily, to any proceeding under any domestic or foreign
bankruptcy or insolvency law, which is not fully stayed within seven (7) business days or is not dismissed
or vacated within forty-five (45) days after filing; (d) is dissolved or liquidated or takes any corporate
action for such purpose; (e) makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; (f) has a receiver,
trustee, custodian, or similar agent appointed by order of any court of competent jurisdiction to take

charge of or sell any material portion of its property or business.

14.3.
Termination for Convenience. CloudSAFE may terminate a Statement of Work for
convenience at any time upon sixty (60) days’ notice. Customer may terminate a Statement of Work for
convenience at any time upon sixty (60) days’ notice. Customer shall be obligated to make payment for
the full balance of the then current Term of the Statement of Work, including, without limitation, any
annual fees and license fees.
14.4
Effect of Termination. Upon termination of the Agreement, Customer will immediately
discontinue all use of the CloudSAFE Hardware, CloudSAFE Software and Services and return to
CloudSAFE any CloudSAFE Hardware in its possession. Upon Customer’s written request and subject to
Customer’s prior payment of all amounts due and owing hereunder, CloudSAFE will return to Customer

the data stored in any of CloudSAFE’s or Affiliates’ databases or Software (but not such databases or
Software itself), in such media or formats as CloudSAFE may deem appropriate in its sole discretion.
Termination of the Agreement, for any reason, shall not entitle Customer to a refund of amounts
previously paid or relieve Customer of its obligations to pay all applicable Fees for the balance of the

then-current term of the Agreement, including all Statements of Work.
15.

BILLING AND PAYMENT.

15.1
Fees and Payment Terms. Customer will pay the Fees and other charges for the
Services as provided in the Statements of Work, with all recurring charges paid monthly on or about the
first (1s') day of the month that the Services are provided. The billing of Fees for monthly Services shall

commence on or about the Service Start Date. Customer shall make payments in U.S. currency to the
address or account specified in the Statements of Work or such other address or account as CloudSAFE

may specify in writing from time to time, without withholding, setoff, counterclaim or deduction. If
Customer fails to make any payment when due, then CloudSAFE shall charge interest on the past due
amount at the rate of 1.5% per month or the highest rate permitted under Applicable Law, and will change
Customer for any cost or expenses arising out of CloudSAFE’s collection efforts, including attorneys
fees. CloudSAFE will charge its then-current rates if Customer continues to use any Services following
the termination of the Agreement or the applicable Statement of Work.
15.2.
Automated Payment. In the event that Customer provides CloudSAFE with automated
payment information, Customer is responsible for keeping its automated payment details, account
permissions, and other account information up to date. By providing CloudSAFE with automated
payment information, Customer authorizes CloudSAFE to charge Customer’s automated payment
account for any amounts arising from or relating to the Services without any further authorization

required from Customer. If charges to Customer’s automated payment method fail, CloudSAFE shall
provide Customer notice of such payment failure.
15.3.
Fees Increases. Except for Third Party Fee Increases, which shall be passed through to
Customer upon no less than thirty (30) days’ notice, there will be no Fee increases during the Initial Term.
Following expiration of the Initial Term, Fees may be increased on at least thirty (30) days’ advance
written notice.
15.4

Taxes. All Fees and other amounts payable by Customer under the Agreement are

exclusive of taxes and similar assessments. Without limiting the foregoing, Customer is responsible for
all sales, use, and excise taxes, and any other similar taxes, duties, and charges of any kind imposed by
any federal, state, or local governmental or regulatory authority on any amounts payable by Customer
hereunder, other than any taxes imposed on CloudSAFE's income.
15.5
Effect of Nonpayment. If Customer fails to make any payment when due hereunder, in
addition to the other remedies available to CloudSAFE, CloudSAFE shall be entitled, in its sole
discretion, to suspend or discontinue providing any or all of the Services, or to take any action with
respect to the CloudSAFE Hardware, Software and Data that CloudSAFE deems appropriate. Such

8

suspension or termination will not relieve Customer of its obligation to pay the Fees and charges due for
provided Services. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, CloudSAFE may take any one or
more of the following measures (subject to Applicable Law):
e
e
e

For accounts forty-five (45) days past due disable administrative access
For accounts sixty (60) days past due disconnect Server from network
For accounts ninety (90) days past due erase all Customer Data

In the event of Customer’s breach of the Agreement for non-payment, Customer hereby authorizes
CloudSAFE to delete, overwrite, or otherwise dispose of the Customer Data in CloudSAFE’s discretion.
CloudSAFE may require Customer to post a deposit or such other security as CloudSAFE reasonably
deems necessary in order to resume access and use of to the CloudSAFE Hardware, Software or Services
hereunder. The remedies set forth in this paragraph will not be enforced with respect to a non-payment
based on a disputed invoice, provided that Customer (1) notifies CloudSAFE in writing of the basis for the
dispute, on or before the applicable due date, and (ii) timely pays the invoiced amount that is not in
dispute. Customer agrees to pay CloudSAFE’s and its Affiliates’ reasonable expenses, including
attorney’s fees and court costs, incurred in enforcing their respective rights under the Agreement.
Sensitive
16.

DISCLAIMER

OF WARRANTY.

16.1
No Warranties. To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, neither CloudSAFE nor any
Affiliate, or any of their respective employees, agents, affiliates, suppliers, lessors, contractors or
licensors make any representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, and such parties hereby
expressly disclaim all such warranties with respect to CloudSAFE Hardware, Software or Services
provided hereunder, including, without limitation, all warranties of title, noninfringement, merchantability
and fitness for a particular purpose. All CloudSAFE Hardware, Software and Services are provided on an
“as is” basis. None of such parties warrant that access to or use of CloudSAFE Hardware, Software or
Services will be uninterrupted, secure or error free; nor do any of them make any warranty as to the
results that may be obtained from the use thereof or as to the accuracy, reliability or content of any
information serviced or merchandise contained in or provided through CloudSAFE Hardware, Software
or Services. Neither CloudSAFE nor any Affiliate shall be liable for the Customer Data or for any data
transferred to or from Customer or stored by Customer or others on or via the CloudSAFE Hardware,
Software or Services.
16.2
Disclaimer of Certain Damages. INNO EVENT WILL CLOUDSAFE OR ANY
AFFILIATE, OR THEIR RESPECTIVE EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS,
LESSORS, CONTRACTORS OR LICENSORS OR THE LIKE BE LIABLE TO CUSTOMER OR ANY
THIRD PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL,
EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DAMAGES FOR
LOSS OF PROFITS, REVENUE, PROFITS, USE OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR DATA LOSS
OR CORRUPTION), ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE AGREEMENT OR ANY
PRODUCTS, SOFTWARE, CLOUDSAFE HARDWARE PROVIDED, OR SERVICES PERFORMED,
IN CONNECTION HEREWITH, WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT
LIABILITY OR OTHER LEGAL THEORY, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

16.3.
Sole Remedy. CloudSAFE’s and its Affiliates’ sole responsibility, and Customer’s sole
remedy, in connection with any malfunction or defect in CloudSAFE Hardware, Software or Services will
be the repair, replacement or re-performance of the affected CloudSAFE Hardware, Software or Services
to the extent such repair, replacement or re-performance is practicable. CloudSAFE may interrupt
Customer’s access to and use of CloudSAFE

Hardware,

Software or Services (including, without

limitation, internet connectivity) at any time, without liability to Customer, to perform scheduled or
emergency maintenance. CloudSAFE will use reasonable commercial efforts to conduct scheduled
maintenance during off-hours and to minimize disruptions and interruptions to Customer.
16.4
Limitation of Liability. The maximum aggregate liability of CloudSAFE and its
Affiliates in connection with the Services or the Agreement, under any theory of law, shall not exceed the
actual damages incurred, up to the total amount paid by Customer to CloudSAFE for the Services that are
the subject of the claim in the twelve (12) months immediately preceding the event(s) that first gave rise
to the claim.
17.

INDEMNIFICATION.

17.1.
Indemnification. Customer will indemnify, defend and hold harmless CloudSAFE, its
Affiliates, and their respective affiliates, officers, directors, shareholders, employees, agents, suppliers,

lessors, contractors and licensors (collectively indemnified parties) from and against any and all claims,
damages, losses, liabilities, suits, actions, demands, proceedings (whether legal or administrative) and
expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorneys fees and court costs) arising out of or relating
to (a) the use of the CloudSAFE Hardware, Software or Services by Customer or its Users, (b) any breach
by Customer or its Users of the Agreement, or (c) any violation of Applicable Law by Custer or its Users,
(d) any claim arising from or related to any Sensitive Data, including any claim that Customer orits Users
do not have consent, authorization or approval to process Sensitive Data or provide CloudSAFE access to
such Sensitive Data or (e) negligence or more culpable act or omission (including recklessness or willful

misconduct) by Customer its Users, in connection with the Agreement.
17.2
Indemnification Process. If CloudSAFE receives notice of a claim that is covered by
this Section 12, CloudSAFE shall give Customer prompt written notice thereof. CloudSAFE shall be
allowed to conduct the defense of the matter, including choosing legal counsel to defend the claim.
Customer shall comply with CloudSAFE’s reasonable requests for assistance and cooperation in the

defense of the claim. CloudSAFE may not settle the claim without Customer’s consent, which may not be
unreasonably withheld, delayed, or conditioned.
Section 12 as CloudSAFE incurs them.

Customer shall pay cost and expenses due under this

18.
FORCE MAJEURE. Neither CloudSAFE nor any Affiliate will be liable for failure or delay in
performing its obligations hereunder if such failure or delay is due to circumstances beyond its reasonable
control, including, without limitation, acts of God, acts of any governmental body, acts of war or
terrorism, insurrection, sabotage, embargo, pandemic, epidemic, fire, flood, strike or other labor

disturbance, interruption of or delay in transportation or utilities, unavailability, interruption or delay or
failure in telecommunications or Third Party Services, denial of service attacks, hacking, viruses, criminal
activity, malfunctioning of software or hardware, corruption of data, or inability to obtain raw materials,
supplies, or power used in or Software needed for provision of the Services.
19.

REGULATIONS.

19.1.
U.S. Government Restricted Rights. All CloudSAFE products and documentation are
commercial in nature. CloudSAFE Software and Services are Commercial Items, as that term is defined
in 48 C.F.R. 2.101, consisting of Commercial Computer Software and Commercial Computer Software
Documentation, as such terms are defined in 48 C.F.R. 252.227-7014(a)(5) and 48 C.F.R.
252.2277014(a)(1), and used in 48 C.F.R. 12.212 and 48 C.F.R. 227.7202, as applicable. Consistent with
48 C.F.R. 12.212 and 48 C.F.R. 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 and other relevant sections of the Code
of Federal Regulations, as applicable, the Software and Services are licensed to United States
Government end users with only those rights as granted to all other end users, according to the terms and
conditions contained in the Agreement. Manufacturer is CloudSAFE Group LLC, 701 Market Street,

Suite 111, PBM 216, St. Augustine, FL 32095.
10

19.2.

Digital Millennium Copyright Act. In providing the Services, CloudSAFE and its

Affiliates are acting as service providers as that term is defined in The Digital Millennium Copyright Act
of 1998, 17 U.S.C. 512(k)(1). In connection therewith, posted at
http://www.copyright.gov/legislation/dmca.pdf are Procedures for Making Claims of Copyright
Infringement and for Making a Counter Notification Regarding a Claim of Copyright Infringement.
19.3.
Export. If Customer is not located in the United States, Customer acknowledges that the
delivery of any CloudSAFE Hardware or CloudSAFE Software under this Agreement may be subject to
obtaining export and/or import authorizations from applicable authorities, and that this process may
considerably delay or prevent the delivery and/or impact CloudSAFE’s ability to provide maintenance
and support. Customer shall support CloudSAFE in obtaining any required authorization by providing
information and/or declarations, (e.g. End Use Certificates), as may be requested by CloudSAFE.
Customer shall be responsible for complying with all applicable governmental regulations of the country
where Customer is registered, and any foreign countries with respect to the use of the Services by
Customer. Without limiting Section 19.3 Customer is responsible for all import-related fees, duties, and
taxes.

19.4
Reporting. To comply with applicable laws and lawful requests from government and
law enforcement authorities, or to protect CloudSAFE, its Affiliates, and their customers, CloudSAFE
reserves the right to disclose to law enforcement any information it deems necessary or appropriate.
CloudSAFE and its Affiliates will cooperate fully with law enforcement authorities in investigations of

suspected violations of law. CloudSAFE and its Affiliates reserve the right to report to law enforcement
authorities any suspected illegal activity of which they become aware.
20.
ASSIGNMENT. Customer may not sell, lease, assign, sublicense or otherwise transfer, in whole
or in part, this Agreement, the Services or any license or right granted hereunder, except with
CloudSAFE’s prior written consent. Any attempted assignment or transferin violation of this Section will
be null and void. CloudSAFE may assign the Agreement without Customer’s consent and without notice:
(a) in connection with a merger, acquisition or sale of all or substantially all of its assets, equity or
business, or (b) to any Affiliate or as part of a corporate reorganization.
21.
AMENDMENT; WAIVER. No additions or changes may be made to the Agreement or a
Statement of Work without the written consent of both Parties. No failure to exercise and no delay in
exercising any right, remedy, or power hereunder will operate as a waiver thereof, nor will any single or
partial exercise of any right, remedy, or power hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or
the exercise of any other right, remedy, or power provided in the Agreement or by law or in equity. The

waiver by any Party of the time for performance of any act or condition hereunder will not constitute a
waiver of the act or condition itself.
22.
GOVERNING LAW/JURISDICTION. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflicts of law provisions. The
exclusive jurisdiction and venue for any disputes arising out of this Agreement shall be the federal or state

courts located in New Castle, Delaware, and each Party hereby consents to personal jurisdiction and
venue therein.
23.
THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES. The provisions set forth in the Agreement are for the sole
benefit of the parties hereto and their successors and permitted assigns, and they will not be construed as
conferring any rights on any other persons.
24.

SEVERABILITY. If any provision of the Agreement is held illegal, unenforceable, or in conflict

with any law of a federal, state, or local government having jurisdiction over this Agreement, the validity
of the remaining portions or provisions hereof will not be affected thereby. It is expressly understood and
agreed that each provision of the Agreement that provides for a limitation of liability, disclaimer of
11

warranties, indemnification or exclusion of damages or other remedy is intended to be enforced as such.
Further, it is expressly understood and agreed that in the event any remedy under this Agreement is
determined to have failed of its essential purpose, all limitations of liability and exclusions of damages or
other remedies will remain in effect.
25.
RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES. The relationship between the parties is that of
independent contractors. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as creating any agency,

partnership, joint venture, or other form of joint enterprise, employment, or fiduciary relationship b etween
the parties, and neither Party shall have authority to contract for or bind the other Party in any manner
whatsoever.
26.
PUBLICITY. Customer agrees that CloudSAFE may publicly disclose that it is providing
Services to Customer and may use Customer’s name and logo to identify Customer in promotional
materials, including press releases. Customer may not issue any press release or publicity regarding the

Agreement, use the CloudSAFE name or logo or other identifying indicia, or publicly disclose that it is
using the Services without CloudSAFE’s prior written consent.
27.
NOTICES. Whenever under the Agreement one Party is required or permitted to give notice to
the other, such notice must be in writing and sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested,
or international equivalent, or electronic mail (receipt confirmed) to the contact information provided in
the Statements of Work (or to such other address that a Party may designate from time to time in

accordance with this Section). Notwithstanding the forgoing, Customer must send legal notices (including
termination notices) by electronic mail to legal@cloudsafe.com; and by using a nationally recognized
overnight carrier to: CloudSAFE, 382 NE 191s PMB 82395, Miami, FL 33179, Attn: Legal Dept.
28.
ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement constitutes the complete and exclusive understanding
between the Parties regarding its subject matter and supersedes and replaces any prior or
contemporaneous representation(s), agreement(s) or understanding(s), written or oral.

29.

INTERPRETATION. The headings or captions in this MSA are for convenience only. The use

of the word “including” means “including without limitation”. If there is a conflict between the terms of
the Agreement, the documents shall govern in the following order of precedence: the Statement of Work,
the MSA, and the Supporting Documents. Unless otherwise expressly permitted in the Agreement, the
terms of the Agreement may be varied only by a written agreement, signed by both parties, that expressly
refers to the Agreement. A Statement of Work may be amended to modify, add, orremove Services by a

formal written agreement signed by both Parties, which includes the express consent of an authorized
individual for both parties. The pre-printed terms of Customer’s purchase order or other business form or
terms that Customer provides shall be void and of no effect. Some terms are incorporated into the
Agreement by reference to pages on the CloudSAFE website and CloudSAFE may revise those terms
from time to time (including the MSA). Except where otherwise designated, such revisions are effective
and supersede and form part of the Agreement as of the time: (i) Customer enters into a new Statement of
Work referencing the revised terms; (ii) a Statement of Work automatically renews pursuant to the

Agreement; or (iii) the Parties enter into a Renewal Term under Statement of Work, Service Order or
Order From, including, without limitation from a Predecessor Entity (in which case Customer

acknowledges that it has reviewed and accepted the then-current version of the Agreement). If over time
Customer enters into multiple Statements of Work (for example to add additional components or services)
then the most Agreement referenced in the Statement of Work with the latest date shall govern the
entirety of the Services provided to Customer.
30.
SURVIVAL. The following sections of this Agreement will survive any expiration or
termination of this Agreement: Sections 10, 12, 15, 16, 17, 20 through 31; and all terms of the Agreement
that require Customer to pay Fees (including any for early termination).

12

31.
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY
AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVES THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY
CLAIM BASED HEREON, ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS
AGREEMENT OR THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE PARTIES, AND AGREES THAT NO
PARTY WILL SEEK TO CONSOLIDATE ANY SUCH ACTION WITH ANY OTHER ACTION IN
WHICH A JURY TRIAL CANNOT BE OR HAS NOT BEEN WAIVED. THIS WAIVER
CONSTITUTES A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR CLOUDSAFE TO ACCEPT THE
AGREEMENT.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the authorized representatives of the Parties have affixed their
signatures to and as of the Date of the Statement of Work.
BY ACCEPTING THE AGREEMENT (EITHER BY CLICKING A BOX INDICATING YOUR
ACCEPTANCE, EXECUTING AN STATEMENT OF WORK, BY USING (OR MAKING ANY PAYMENT
FOR) THE SERVICES, OR BY OTHERWISE INDICATING YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS
AGREEMENT), YOU: (1) AGREE TO THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF THE CUSTOMER; AND
(2) REPRESENT

THAT YOU

HAVE

THE AUTHORITY

TO BIND

CUSTOMER

TO THE AGREEMENT.

IF YOU DO NOT HAVE SUCH AUTHORITY, OR IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THIS AGREEMENT,
YOU MUST NOT ACCEPT THE AGREEMENT OR USE THE SERVICES.

13

SCHEDULE A
DEFINITIONS
“Administrative User” means any of Customer’s employees, consultants,
independent contractors or the like to whom Customer has granted administrative rights to access,
modify, and delete Users, as well as the right 0 access and modify Customer’s billing information
and other functionality available through CloudSAFE’s administrative control panel.
“Affiliate” as to Customer means any entity that directly or indirectly controls, is

controlled by, oris under common control with the entity referred to, but only for so long as such
control exists; and as to CloudSAFE means CloudSAFE Group LLC and any entity that is directly or
indirectly controlled by CloudSAFE Group LLC. As used in this definition “control” means control
of more than a 50% interest in an entity.
“Agreement” means, collectively, the MSA and any terms incorporated by reference
in the MSA, and any applicable Statement of Work, Privacy Policy, Service Level Agreements, and
Acceptable Use Policy together with any specific software licenses (excluding TPS Agreements), as

may be amended from time to time.
“Applicable Law” means any applicable federal, state, provincial, foreign or other
laws, rules, regulations or interpretation of relevant Governmental Authorities.
“Acceptable Use Policy” or “AUP” means the policy located at CloudSAFE Acceptable Use Policy as amended

from time to time.

“CloudSAFE” or “we” means CloudSAFE Group LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company or the Predecessor Entity identified in the Statement of Work.

“CloudSAFE Hardware” has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1.
“CloudSAFE IP” means CloudSAFE’s Intellectual Property, not otherwise
generally licensed to the public under an Open Source Software license.
“CloudSAFE Software” has the meaning set forth in Section 4.1.
“Confidential Information” has the meaning set forth in Section 12.1.
“Customer”, or “you” means the entity ordering the Services.

“Customer Contract Manager” has the meaning set forth in Section 13.1.
“Customer Data” means all data which is submitted by Customer to CloudSAFE

connection with the Services.
“Customer IP” means Customer’s pre-existing Intellectual Property.

“Defaulting Party” has the meaning set forth in Section 14.2.
“Discloser” has the meaning set forth in Section 12.1.

14

in

“Fees” means the amounts payable under the applicable Statement of Work, which
may include fixed monthly amounts as well as charges that are dependent on the time, materials or
resources expended in providing the Services.
“Hosting Facility” means a third party facility or facilities that maintain servers
and related telecommunications infrastructure to store data.

“Initial Term” means the term set forth in the applicable Statement of Work.
“Intellectual Property” means patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, and
any other proprietary intellectual property rights.
“Master Services Agreement” or “MSA” means the agreement entered into
between the Parties that sets forth the general terms and conditions for the provision of Services.
“Open Source Software” means open source software including Linux,
OpenStack, and software licensed under the Apache, GPL, MIT, or other open source licenses.
“Protected Health Information” or PHI” means (a) for customers in the United
States, Protected Health Information (as such term is defined in the Health Insurance Portability and
Accountability Act of 1996 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, as each may be

amended from time to time) and (b) for customers in Canada, personal health information (as such
term is defined in the applicable federal, state and provincial privacy legislation relating to personal
health information and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, as each may be amended
from time to time) that is individually identifiable health information.
“Predecessor Entity” means those certain entities that merged into CloudSAFE
Group, LLC: (1) Focal Point Solutions Group, LLC, (2) United Computer Group, LLC, (3) Strategic

Continuity Services, LLC, (4) CloudSAFE, LLC, (5) SCO Cloud, LLC, (6) SysIntegrators, LLC, and
(7) TECA Data Safe, LLC.

“Privacy Policy” means the policy located at CloudSAFE - Privacy Policy as
amended from time to time.
“Recipient” has the meaning set forth in Section 12.1.
“Recurring Services” means Services which are provided on an on-going basis.
“Renewal Term” has the meaning set forth in Section 14.1.
“Risk of Loss” means the economic risk of any loss, theft, damage to or destruction
of any equipment form any cause whatsoever.
“Sensitive Data” means any: (i) personally identifiable information or information
that is referred to as personal data (including sensitive personal data), PI, or other like term under
applicable data protection or privacy law and includes information that by itself or combined with
other information can be used to identify a person; (ii) financial records; and (iii) other sensitive or

regulated information.
“Sensitive Data Statement of Work” means a Statement of Work that contemplates

the Customer providing Sensitive Data for storage by CloudSAFE.

15

“Services” means the CloudSAFE services identified in a specific Statement of
Work such as hosting services, managed backup services, managed security services, IT services,
managed services, professional services, and other products and services. For avoidance of doubt, the
Services do not include IT Helpdesk services.
“Service Level Objective” or “SLO”

means

the agreement located at CloudSAFE -

Service Level Objective as amended from time to time.

“Service Start Date” means the date that Services commence being provided to the
Customer and the date that CloudSAFE begins billing the Fee for monthly Services.
“Software” has the meaning set forth in Section 4.3.
“Statement of Work” or “Order Form” or “Service Order” or “Change Order”

means the document describing the Services Customer is purchasing, including any CloudSAFE
online order, process, API, statement of work, or tool through which Customer requests or
provisions Services.
“Supporting Documents” means the Privacy Policy, the Service Level Objective
for all CloudSAFE Services that may be sold to Customer, Acceptable Use Policy, Data Processing
Addendum, and if applicable, any other agreements entered into between the Parties.
“Term” has the meaning set forth in Section 14.1.
“Third Party Fee Increase” means the direct or indirect increase of fees by a third

party vendor charged to CloudSAFE for Customer’s use of Third Party Services, Third Party
Software, or both, which may occur at any time.
“Third Party Services” means services provided by a third party and used in
connection with the Services, including, without limitation, fees charged by Hosting Facilities.
“Third Party Software” has the meaning set forth in Section 4.3.
“TPS Agreements” has the meaning set forth in Section 4.3.
“Unsupported System” has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1.
“User” means any of Customer’s employees, consultants, independent contractors,
agents or other individuals who gain access to the Services by or through Customer. For the
avoidance of doubt, “User” shall include all Administrative Users.

16

